fix(curriculum): external straddling link in cip (#46321)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/rosetta-code/straddling-checkerboard.md

# --description--

Implement functions to encrypt and decrypt a message using the **straddling checkerboard** method.

> - The **functions** will take a <em>string</em> and an <em>array</em> as parameters.

Reviewer: should the word functions be plural in this case?

Author: I thought functions refer to the seed content

```js
function straddle(message, alphabet) {

}

function unstraddle(message, alphabet) {

}
```

If I am misunderstanding, I am happy to fix it.

> Each function will take a two arguments, a `message` string and  the `alphabet` array. The `alphabet` contains 3 strings representing the 3 rows of the checkerboard. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each function will take two arguments, a `message` string and an `alphabet` array. The `alphabet` array will contain 3 strings representing the 3 rows of the straddling checkerboard.
```

> The output of the `straddle()` function is a series of decimal digits. Numbers should be encrypted by inserting the escape character before each digit, then including the digit <em>unencrypted</em>. This should be reversed for decryption with the `unstraddle()` function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The output of the `straddle()` function should be a series of decimal digits. Numbers should be encrypted by inserting the escape character before each digit, then including the digit <em>unencrypted</em>.

This should be reversed for decryption with the `unstraddle()` function.
```

Author: I do like the suggestions, I am implementing them
